README.md, before:

# Text-Editor <br> [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
---

## Description

This app is a text editor that functions online or offline as a PWA.

---
## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [License](#license)

---
## Installation

(Once I have a functioning deployment) The user can navigate here. Your browser will give you an icon to install the application to your machine.

---
## Usage

Type your code snippets into the window.

---
## Contributing

Fork it please

---
## Testing

Download the app and if you find errors, please contact me.

---
## Questions

If you have any questions, please send an email to <andrew.moody96@gmail.com>, or check out my [GitHub](https://github.com/andrewmoody96).

---
### Copyright 2022, Andrew Moody<br>
  #### License
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  <br>
  [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

Added disclaimers about it not working.

README.md, after:

# Text-Editor <br> [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
---

## Description

This app is a text editor that functions online or offline as a PWA.

---
## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [License](#license)

---
## Installation

(Once I have a functioning deployment) The user can navigate here. Your browser will give you an icon to install the application to your machine.

---
## Usage

Type your code snippets into the window.

### Photos Will Be Added Once It's Deployed to Heroku

---
## Contributing

Fork it please

---
## Testing

Download the app and if you find errors, please contact me.

---
## Questions

If you have any questions, please send an email to <andrew.moody96@gmail.com>, or check out my [GitHub](https://github.com/andrewmoody96).

---
### Copyright 2022, Andrew Moody<br>
  #### License
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  <br>
  [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
